I will not die as you, Princess Chu
You took great pains to get this Princess Chu
What tricks do you want to play?
That's all I have.
I hope the prince will fulfill it.
It's too much now
Even if it is respected by the father
This king is also going to divorce you poisonous woman
The emperor has an edict
Please ask King Chu and Princess Chu to go to the main hall
Grandfather Huang is the Supreme Emperor and has improved
Said to see you and the princess
Your Highness, please keep your word
Humph
Just a moment
The emperor's grandfather is in good spirits
Could it be that he really saved the emperor's grandfather?
Grandfather Huang, get up
Hey, wait a minute.
Ginseng soup and fire can't be drunk now
How can you make mistakes in front of the Supreme Emperor?
Yuan Qingling saw that Yue was shapeless
Emperor grandfather forgiveness
What a big deal!
Let's get up to the cheap moon
What do you say you can drink?
You just woke up now.
You can drink a little millet porridge to nourish your stomach
How could the princess let the emperor of the sun enter the bird food?
I didn't hear what Princess Chu said
Go soon yes
You girl!
Dugu Xinyi
This festival is by my aunt's side
That's great.
The emperor left me in trouble
The emperor's grandfather is clumsy
Why don't you let Sun Ernan's aunt see him as pleasing to the eye?
If you can't bear it
Please enter the palace every day
Chu Wangpei stayed
The others will leave
Yes
If you dare to play tricks
The king will not spare you